*Splash!*
Player: !!! Who’s there?
Ama: !!! That voice… Fusazaki my boy, is that you?
Player: Fusazaki…? No, I am but a lowly student studying the art of Noh theatre. Tell me, why are you wading in the cold waters of this Shido-no-ura Bay? 
Ama: Ahh, it is not out of choice that I stay in these cruel waters. ‘Tis simply a sacrifice that I pay for my son…
Say, can I share a story with you? One involving cut seaweed.
Player: *You nod your head yes.*
Ama: Thank you, thank you so much. Well then…
!0 omoikaze.mp3
I may not look like it, but I am actually a Dragon Princess. Though, I was not always like this. 
A long, long time ago, I met a lord by the name of Fuhito. Apparently, he stayed in this lowly bay to claim the Jewel-that-Never-Turned-Away back from the Dragon King’s Palace, which was at the bottom of this bay.
When I became pregnant with his child, I promised him I would bring the jewel back only under one condition – that my child, Fusazaki, would be the future lord of the Fujiwara clan.
He agreed. 
So I swam to the bottom of the Shido-no-ura Bay, stole the jewel back, and hid it inside an open wound in my body.
...
My child, Fusazaki… I wonder if Fuhito kept his promise to me.
Thanks for listening to me. As thanks, please take some of this cut seaweed with you.
Player: Thank you. 
*Just as you begin to bite into the seaweed, you feel the urge to comfort this suffering diver. 
What can you do, with your skills and her story? You realize that there is something only you, an aspiring Noh theatre student, can do, and you let yourself absorb the spirit of this young boy called Fusazaki.* 
Player (with Fusazaki’s spirit): He did, mother. I’m living really well. So please, don’t worry about me.
Ama: !!! Did you just – was that part of your Noh performance…?
Player: No, that… that wasn’t, ma’am. Rest assured, that was your son.
*Splash!* Almost as quickly as she appeared, Ama disappeared, not before giving you a slight soft smile.

Side Quest: Go pick up a fragment of the Jewel left somewhere in this lake. Be sure to walk all around the lake. Ama has left you a hint.
I shine bright red / But am paid no heed by wandering eyes / Like many other lanterns / But still ever-important for lighting this lake / There’s no need to pave a new path / The answer has always been in your mind / Just enjoy your surroundings / And the answer is what you'll find.
