Dogen: *Meditating, without opening his eyes* Yes, what is it?
Player: Hello, I am but a lowly student studying the art of Noh. Tell me, how can I get better at the art of Noh?
Dogen: Are you diligently practicing everyday?
Player: Well, yes… as hard as I can be. Though I get distracted sometims because of my phone.
Dogen: A phone…? Whatever might that gadget be?
Player: Ahhh, well.. Never mind. Yes, I’m practicing!
Dogen: Good.
Dogen: *Opens his eyes* Tell me, how often do you think about improving? Every day? Every breathing second? 
When I am hungry, I just eat food. When I am tired, I just go to sleep. Such simple actions, and yet probably the ordinary person doesn’t share the same sentiment. 
Because when they eat, they worry about 1000 different matters; when they sleep, they wonder about 1000 different what-ifs. 
Say, when you practice, do you worry about what you can change to better portray your character’s feeling? Do you worry about how the audience might think you look unnatural? 
Do you worry about how you're not improving, no matter how hard you practice?
If you do, then I urge you to think about Noh – and anything else you may do – from another perspective. I hear students from the mainland have been chanting this saying recently: 
When you’re practicing for an archery contest, you shoot with great skill. But when you’re shooting for gold, you’re a nervous wreck. Your skill is the same in both cases, but because one prize means more to you than the other, you let outside considerations weigh on your mind. 
He who looks too hard on the outside gets clumsy on the inside. 
So don’t concern yourself with how to improve your skill. When it’s time to practice, practice diligently; when it’s time to rest or medidate, just focus on resting or meditating. 
And when it’s time to be on stage, feel yourself take over your characters’ spirit, heart, mind, soul. Don’t worry about the audience, your flaws, even what to do next. 
You are the character you want to portray. Don’t cloud your mind with any other thoughts. 
If you do, every action you take is the action your character would have taken. 
*And with that, Dogen closes his eyes again. No matter how long you sat there bewildered, Dogen sat, meditating, completely ignoring your presence like it was never there to begin with.*

*Grrrrumble*
You suddenly find yourself hungry. Find some food on the top-right table, and replenish your energy. 