!1 ramwire.mp3
* You absentmindedly walk across town when you suddenly see a woman wobbly on her feet. 
Her eyelids look heavy, and you notice she starts to close them as she suddenly starts falling to the ground. 
You dash towards her. * 
Miss! Miss!! Are you alright?
Terako: Oh -- child. I’m alright. Sorry about that… I just – I haven’t been able to sleep very well recently… 
Player: *She sounds awfully sleepy…* Would you like to rest for a bit?
Terako smiles. Her smirk looks almost cynical.
Terako: Thank you. You’re a kind one. 
But I don’t deserve it. I… – are you aware of narcolepsy? 
Throughout the day I come down with “sleep attacks” – sudden episodes of drowsiness and sleep. 
My boyfriend’s the only one that can wake me up when that happens. Or at least, that was the case before.
Player: * You’re intrigued by the woman’s enigmatic way of speaking. * What do you mean by “you don’t deserve" the rest?
Terako: See, my boyfriend… he has a wife. A wife who’s in the hospital after getting in a tragic car accident, a wife who hasn’t woken up for 2 years already.
A wife he loves dearly.
He used to tell me all about their dates together, her slightly annoyed yet lovely face when she wakes up in the morning next to him. But ever since she got into the accident, Iwanaga’s been broken. 
A shell of the person he used to be. He’d lock himself in his room and wail painfully about how it’s his fault. I – I can’t even begin to imagine his despair, seeing the one you love in such a vegetative state. 
But I’m his friend, you know? I couldn’t bear to see him in this state. So I’d ask him to go out with me, get dinner together… sleep together, on nights when it was too much. 
...
I fell in love with him. With a man who has someone waiting for him. With a man who won’t look my way, once she wakes up. 
So I can’t trust these feelings. I can’t attach myself to this lifestyle. There is nothing in this world permanent enough to trust. 
Player: * Shock. You’re not sure how to respond after suddenly hearing that. * If it’s causing you so much pain, why don’t you stop? This whole relationship, I mean.
Terako: *Snickers* Why, I wonder. I ask myself that everyday. Have you ever seen a fire burning? Fire and firewood – I’m sure that’s what we are. 
Fire can’t burn without firewood, and firewood is only called firewood because it helps build a fire. They’re separate things, yet they can’t exist independently. 
And yet they also exist negating each other. Fire consumes firewood to continue burning, and firewood ceases to be firewood the moment it makes contact with fire. 
Isn’t that funny? We depend on each other, yet only cause each other guilt and pain.
*You think back to your Noh practice. Zeami always told you about the importance of monomane – imitating characters and roles – to ultimately perfect spontaneity when embodying a character.  How negating of the terms “imitate” and “spontaneity,” yet the two evidently depend on each other, is what you’re starting to realize.* 
Player: Maybe all 3 of you depend on each other, in some way.
Terako: *Smiles* Maybe. Thanks for listening to me, child. 

